James was enjoying his life on the
Island of Sodor but he still had a lot
to learn you're a special niche traffic
engine desensitize you can pull coaches
or freight cars quite easily but you
must learn by your mistakes James knew
what Sir Topham Hatt meant he could well
remember that dreadful accident on his
first day but usually the coaches James
sometimes it
I'm really a splendid engine he thought
he suddenly let all seen the showers
water fell out Sir Topham smooth ha ha
just then the conductor blew his whistle
whoo James thought they had better go go
on gone good posture Edwards some
flourish don't first replied it
Blastoise tops at the next station some
coaches would be on the platform stand
to his back to let the passengers out no
one seemed to know about some Tom's new
have surveillance done happier
changing station where Thomas was
waiting with his two coaches
hello James said Thomas feeling better
that's good oh that's my conductors
whistle I must go I don't know what Sir
Topham Hatt would do without me to run
this branch line
James passed the field
the end of the journey and rested before
setting off for home James was still
wondering what Sir Topham would have to
say about his new eye
next morning he spoke severely to James
if you can't behave
I should take away your rent code and
have you painted blue James didn't like
that at all
he was very
don't talk come on Gordon never has to
fetch his own coaches he thought to
himself and he's only painted blue to
make games even more cross this time no
one came near him I'll show them basic
two coaches
hurry hurry hurry run James
disaster you're going too fast replied
the co-chair James laughs tried to go
faster but the coaches wouldn't let
going to stop we're going to start
what's the matter James asked his driver
the brakes are on leak in the pipe most
likely you bank the coaches enough to
make a leak in anything
how shall we mend it said the conductor
we'll do it with newspaper and a legible
place replied the driver well where's
the food place coming from ask the
conductor ask the passengers said the
driver you have a leather bootlace they
said the conductor to a smartly dressed
man please give it to me
I won't then I'll afraid the train will
just stop where it is the passengers all
said that a bad railway it was then they
told the man how bad he was instead
everyone was very cross at last he had
in his laces over the driver tied a pad
of newspaper tightly round the hole in
the big pipe and James was able to pull
the Train
he was a sadder and wiser James took
care never to bump coaches again